README.md, before:

# text2painting

## Convert keywords into painting

![definition](./assets/simple_task_definition.jpg "definition")

Sample results (input words - stage1 output - stage2 output - stage3 output - ground truth)

![results](./assets/results.jpg "results")

## Model

Model is built as sequential GANs with three stages

![basic](./assets/basic_model.jpg "basic")

## Stage-1 structure

![stage1](./assets/gan1.jpg "stage1")

## Stage-2 structure

![stage2](./assets/gan2.jpg "stage2")

## Stage-3 structure

![stage2](./assets/gan3.jpg "stage2")

## Installation

Set environment with

`conda env create -f environment.yml`

Install Spacy English language model

`python -m spacy download en`

## Demo

Visit https://painter-ai.com .

## Data

You can download dataset from

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.3690752.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3690752)

A small sample of dataset can be downloaded from

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KXEIrRGDvASEEm-vT_jJcvFLncapJDEL

Place them under `data/deviantart_verified/images` and `data/wikiart_verified/images`

## Usage

Usage information will be shared here soon.

## Citation

Please cite this paper

https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.04383

Commit message:

Add usage and model link to README

README.md, after:

# text2painting

## Convert keywords into painting

![definition](./assets/simple_task_definition.jpg "definition")

Sample results (input words - stage1 output - stage2 output - stage3 output - ground truth)

![results](./assets/results.jpg "results")

## Model

Model is built as sequential GANs with three stages

![basic](./assets/basic_model.jpg "basic")

## Stage-1 structure

![stage1](./assets/gan1.jpg "stage1")

## Stage-2 structure

![stage2](./assets/gan2.jpg "stage2")

## Stage-3 structure

![stage2](./assets/gan3.jpg "stage2")

## Installation

Set environment with

`conda env create -f environment.yml`

Install Spacy English language model

`python -m spacy download en`

## Demo

Visit https://painter-ai.com .

## Data

You can download dataset from

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.3690752.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3690752)

A small sample of dataset can be downloaded from

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KXEIrRGDvASEEm-vT_jJcvFLncapJDEL

Place them under `data/deviantart_verified/images` and `data/wikiart_verified/images`

## Model

There are models in the same link above as well

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KXEIrRGDvASEEm-vT_jJcvFLncapJDEL

Place a model directory under `models/`

## Usage

All the necessary parameters are in `lib/config.py`

### Train

`python train.py`

Continue training with


`python train.py --model <model_file>`

### Test

`python test.py --model <model_file>`

### Prediction

`python pred.py --model <model_file> --input <input_text_file>`

Example input text file format is `asset/input.txt` with each keyword set in a newline.


## Citation

Please cite this paper

https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.04383
